refactor: improve docs, comments, tests, and small refactors (#303)
agoric-labs/cosmos-sdk: x/auth/vesting/cmd/vestcalc/README.md

## Writing a schedule

When the `--write` flag is set, the tool will write a schedule to stdout.
The format is the the format expected by the `create-periodic-vesting-account`

> or `create-clawback-vesting-account` cli commands, namely a JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or `create-clawback-vesting-account` cli commands, namely JSON text representing an
```

Author: JSON implies text. However, from all the format-related comments, it could be confusing to have it spread out. I've added a single format section with an example that I hope makes it more clear.

object with the members:

> - `"start_time"`: integer UNIX time;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"start_time"`: integer seconds since the POSIX epoch;
```

Author: I'll stick with "UNIX time" for the concept, since a) it matches the the Go `time` package API (which doesn't mention an epoch, only "UNIX time"), and b) "UNX time" has its own wikipedia page - "POSIX time" redirects there.

> - `"periods"`: a JSON array of JSON objects with members:

Reviewer: I'm assuming there's not another layer of serialization here (e.g., output looks like `{ …, "periods": [ { "coins": "…", "length_seconds": <digits> }, … ] }`).
```suggestion
- `"periods"`: an array of objects with members:
```

Author: Correct - I've added an example and moved this up to a "format" section, where the JSON context is more clear and I can drop the superfluous and confusing repeats.

>     - "coins": string giving the text coins format for the amount vested at this event;

Reviewer: I think example output would help, especially for this field. Probably just a URL pointing to something that already exists.

Author: I don't see a URL for the coins text format. I'll add a multi-denom example.

    - "length_seconds": positive integer seconds from the last vesting event, or from the start time for the first vesting event.

The following flags control the output:

- `--coins:` The total coins to vest, e.g. `100ubld,50urun`.

> - `--months`: The number of monthly to vesting events.

Reviewer: I think there's a typo here, but the explanation could still be a little more clear.
```suggestion
- `--months`: The total number of months to complete vesting.
```

Author: Done.

- `--start`: The vesting start time: i.e. the first event happens in the
  next month. Specified in the format `YYYY-MM-DD` or `YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm`,
  e.g. `2006-01-02T15:04` for 3:04pm on January 2, 2006.

> - `--time`: The time of day of the vesting events, in 24-hour HH:MM format.

Reviewer: `--start` and `--time` are interpreted as UTC, right? And does `--time` override hours and minutes in `--start`?

Author: No. There's a note above that times are interpreted in the local timezone. I added a repeat of that comment here to clarify. The time-of-day of the start time has no bearing on the time-of-day of the later vesting events.

  Defaults to midnight.
- `--cliffs`: Vesting cliffs in `YYYY-MM-DD` or `YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm`
  format. Only the latest one will have any effect, but it is useful to let
  the computer do that calculation to avoid mistakes. Multiple cliff dates
  can be separated by commas or given as multiple arguments. Cliffs are not required.

The vesting events will occur each month following the start time on the same
day of the month (or the last day of the month, if the month does not have a
sufficient number of days), for the specified number of months. The total coins
to vest will be divided as evenly as possible among all the vesting events.

> Lastly, all events before the last cliff time, if any, are consolidated into a single even

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, all events before the last cliff time, if any, are skipped and consolidated into a single event
```

Author: I think "consolidated" is sufficient.
